1. If there is no goal on this powerplay it will be difficult not to be hopeless
2. It depends on who you ask. i didnt downvote you, im answering now
3. It's kinda odd that people are downvoting you without providing well-sourced counter-arguments to the points you're making.
4. Why would they stop magicking away their shit. That seems more practical than a giant plumbing network.
5. Maybe try living a little longer before you talk about things you don't know about, sweaty. NEXT!
6. I think they are being sarcastic, notice the /s 
7. First [NAME], now [NAME]. Stop the conks. Please. 
8. Apparently, you'd want an Alberta with a censor on what we read. Bully for you.
9. You seriously reposted your repost of the same repost you reposted again.
10. It is. You generally need 5 down and 5 up to play reliably. Also wired.
11. Go play Farmville if you can't keep it up.
12. I didn't say it was proof that anything was a scam with no future, perhaps you're projecting.
13. Oh I know. I was just pointing out that our current number one has consistency issues as well so we are used to it.
14. It’s showing up on mobile aswell, the double slash is weird for me though, probably on his end
15. So you're male then. Ps ur wrong bud
16. you’re too lazy to google
17. She can take her boring, drunk husband with her. He's not interesting at all.
18. you in the wrong *childhood*
19. Everyone’s ageing on here like the milk my flatmate left on the kitchen counter over the holidays
20. Download it again.
21. [NAME] is Television. Got it. He's too misogynistic to be the Patti Smith Group.
22. Nobody likes you nonhuman mimics and everyone knows what you are.
23. [NAME] damn hippies
24. I have always found them grating
25. I wouldn't ever make a broad generalization like that. Typical honkies, assuming stuff
26. Oh, [NAME], don't bring THAT story up!
27. [NAME] is known to make a short video hella fucking long. Not many want to see even more people do that. I'll stick to [NAME].
28. Y’all are just jealous that this individual identifies as a fish hook. On a serious note though going through an airport tsa must be a nightmare
29. [NAME] has consistently being volatile. It's just a matter of time until she's being rude to [NAME] again.
30. And the shit like "like for [NAME], Ignore for satan"
31. Hello autism my old friend
32. They always blab about IQ and other garbage but they have the intelligence of a bag of hammers.
33. That is insanity
34. She’s clearly hanging at least part way into the space. She’s so dumb
35. I am still missing money from a August 2018 withdrawal with no update and no success. Quadriga - give me back my money!
36. That's a really cheap cop-out for rather common criticism of those games.
37. Anyone else think [NAME] talks too much in this and drowns destiny and hbomb out My man be talkin
38. You know it’s bad when you grab the toothpaste and start reading it
39. We're not exactly short on white homophobes either though.
40. I know they are treated very well, but some of them do die.
41. You now have 3 threads about this within the last 10 hours. Pick one and stick with it.
42. Nobody claims that 20th century socialism was a utopia. Please remember your own comment before replying.
43. Get ready for another wasted season
44. My opinion is that anyone smart enough would simply not work for [NAME] in the first place.
45. By his comment I would say that he is in fact, a simpleton. So, too late.
46. > As long as they dont bother people or start a mess. When are they not?
47. would you kiss a girl if you're drunk tho? Edit : why the downvotes? It's just a question, geez
48. They'll investigate themselves and nothing will happen. Detroit police bully everyone. An they wonder why no one likes them, Respects them, Or why people run from them. 
49. If they want to attack [RELIGION] they should be honest with the website title Imagine a [RELIGION] creating a website and calling it WikiChristianity and constantly attack [RELIGION].
50. The self righteous feel no shame
51. What...? That’s some real mental gymnastics to justify him assaulting her
52. Its had enough of this life and ending it all.
53. What is normal? It should be tho....
54. She always looks sticky.
55. what a psycho
