1. You didn't watch it to the end.
2. Only bet on games you like. Sometimes go a couple days without action. Betting just for the sake of staking something is never smart.
3. You also can’t prove it happened so logically this doesn’t exist and is a paradox that never happened therefore pi = 3.14159
4. Narrator: "They did not"
5. Market ≠ Capitalism Just because something operates within the Capitalist system doesn't make it Capitalist. Just because [NAME] was (supposedly) elected didn't make him democratic
6. Don’t tempt me!
7. It still wouldn't make sense. The problem isn't the looks
8. No, it means you have a problem with homophobia and paranoia. A big one. No pun intended.
9. Best not let [NAME] near him, what with her oils and all...
10. oh pls no
11. I can see why you’ll never be in a leadership position.
12. I meant I wouldn't bring up wanting it to be vanilla and changing terms.
13. [NAME] is not fascist. Heck,she's not even alt-right
14. You must be wrong, because this is the sub for intelligent people!!! 
15. You can't expect him to like food
16. This does not have to be juice I don’t think. Six months is a long time
17. I've seen that profile picture before..this guy is a repeat offender
18. No thanks probably stank af.
19. No thanks, he’s already been flushed
20. Nuh uh. She didn't go to Gudger College.
21. I’ve still not noticed the kid
22. Hey mods... let's not allow articles pushing unsubstantiated rumour from poor sources
23. Plot twist: they don‘t Want to Go To school
24. Clearly not Cubs fans.
25. I am removing this post because of sourcing. Read the sidebar.
26. They call it the hub and spoke system. They neglected to include a wheel.
27. Noooo no more NEXTs anymore! They are obviously just a kid who is excited to discover music. Give them a break! :/
28. Downvote because prophet
29. After he did the one year contract last year I'm not seeing him staying here with no improvement from our team.
30. There is no such Thing as [NAME] or an Almighty !
31. It’s not even news.
32. > we can't john beard that big
33. $20 too much
34. Hasn’t hurt me none
35. Honestly, if you did not, then you were watching the video incorrectly.
36. [NAME] gets a lot of unfair criticism. [NAME], too
37. They don’t like to be excluded from anything
38. Don't kink shame
39. They never will until it affects them directly, and by then it's already in the end game for us :/
40. She muctb not really be that into you
41. Wait that... that doesn’t happen
42. YOUR momentum doesn't help you, its the direction you're aiming and THEIR momentum that does. they were probably backing up when that happened.
43. Well first, im against government period, and second im conveying this under a layer of satire to make the ideas spread more easily
44. yea he had 6 assists which created 13 points, if he had 13 points and no assists people would be calling it a great game for him
45. GAA' isn't a sport...
46. I just unassigned and left
47. Probably when they fired their cartoonist a few months ago for having the wrong opinions.
48. I think years...I'm not ready and I know it, but I know years
49. [NAME] was actually wrong all along. JAH > Jokic /s
50. Dad doesn't need to be there for 12 months. But way too step up!
51. It's the universe trying to kill us with radiation :D
52. As we shouldn't. We are trying to win a SB here not showcase another star player.
53. You're never too young to have a Vietnam flashback
54. In looking at the questions answered in the AMAs following the [NAME] podcast, I don't see any related to [NAME] or race/IQ. 
55. Mostly because they're not completely stupid. They don't have the support in the senate to pull it off.
56. Can't you tell that [NAME] is a serious threat to apprehend. All that alleged lying makes him a serious threat to others.
