1. Papa Johns in my area basically gives away their pizza. I can smell the desperation in the store
2. My dog is less uglier than this.
3. Who needs sciences. It's most fake news they peddle in anyways...
4. Claw since AW and logged a fuck ton of hours and no discomfort
5. 100 chapters of relationship + 50 of build up after [NAME] left [NAME]. Damn you Sasuga T.T
6. I've picked scabs bigger than most aborted fetuses get. I don't see the police knocking on my door for committing assault against a human being.
7. Looks like emotionally and physically beating the shit out of his wife and children was not wasted then.
8. [NAME] what a dork you are to think the above comment means I am daft to the behavior endured by women for way too long.
9. We've been linking that dodgy-as-hell Ukrainian site for years, so go nuts.
10. Logic and facts are verboten on that sub. Truly bizarre that people are that sensitive.
11. You're not really pissing anyone off. Mostly we just pity you.
12. Saying that combo with a straight face after the fucking mess that went into the last UFC event should be hard.
13. i should just quit yikes
14. For unrelated reasons, school is another mess. But vaccine injury in definitely represented through absurd levels of special ed. 
15. You conveniently aren't speaking to my assertion.
16. They’re just idiots parking there. No clue that it is a designated bike lane.
17. I do but I like my job. I just hate the fact I HAVE to go do it.
18. . I’m a dude so I took sleeping medication and meditation alike, not respect/reverence for one day dammit.
19. Okay rude. Leave [NAME] alone and where he is please. I’ve been rooting for this kid since his first match.
20. Yep, just back to how it was before, but this time with little public support as we are all pissed of with it all
21. [NAME] is another worthless [NAME]. Utah is unbelievably stupid for voting for him.
22. They cannot bypass racial discrimination without facing a serious backlash.
23. In the letter I told her she was disrespectful and that we will not ask her to housesit again.
24. It's a tool that idiots install so they can tag users who post in subreddits they disagree with and immediately discount or attack said users
25. Alright now you're intentionally misinterpreting what I say. Whatever.
26. he's being immature
27. Man we are sloppy
28. Leaving [RELIGION] and planning to FINALLY live MY life to the fullest without white men in white shirt telling me what to do every second of my day!!
29. I think ignoring intentions is ridiculous too, but I also think that only looking at intentions (and at face value) is a bit naive
30. Damned if nobody knows who they are, damned if they do
31. Still makes no sense how [NAME] beat corrupted [NAME] while [NAME] and [NAME] couldn't beat his normal version
32. Women are more neurotic.
33. Worst bit is that it keeps snowballing, and growing and suddenly it this mess you can't make sense out of or clear up
34. Most vancouverites know of these scams. Especially #1 broken credit card machine. Complaints go unheard.
35. Bike snob here. $400 is hella cheap for any bike that gets raced.
36. Truth is hate. Men are women.
37. We mess up on a draft so we just nvr draft anymore?
38. Mumbling on twitter and r/politics. Also [NAME] is getting annoyed as well. He is mr appropriations after all.
39. Just ride the subway in NYC and watch how everyone behaves. Don’t stare, though. 
40. Fackin foreigners trying to steal ar players! #WeAreAllTommyWright
41. I mean, this just looks more like a case of a guy being overrated coming out of high school.
42. Because physical contact promotes bonding. Healthy relationships increase both partner's wellbeing. Routine can be frustrating. Especially when you want to try something new.
43. I already told him off and typing the number into Facebook came back with a whole bunch of nothing.
44. And you assume they are part of the dominant culture because of the color of their skin. That is self evident racism.
45. Damn who died and gave u the Broncos
46. best to add a **/s** ......almost sounds like you're being serious!
47. god damn this is some major league pathos
48. That's a very long way of saying "I'm a moron" 
49. These are the same people who thought liking hot sauce was a major scandal
50. I'm just gonna take this as a metaphor for idiot units.
51. Ah, yes. Again with those goddam ballbusting monkeys. If I had a dollar...
52. Why can’t we do both, approve wall funding and more border agents now and stop holding 800k federal workers hostage. 
53. [NAME] is a damn fool. No wonder his ex-wife is his boss and his babysitter.
54. I'm trying to get you laid. Maybe then you'd stop acting like the giant douchebag you are.
55. auto play really sucks but sex education was a really good show ngl I binged the whole thing in like two days.
56. Does that person only eats rocks? Because if you put bacteria and human beings on an equal footing, everyone is a fucking cannibal.
57. Day 1557: people still complaining about a commercial
58. Found the douchebag
59. Moonbeam was trash but I am sort of biased because it's 16-17 a gram in Alberta
60. You get her off 3 times and she doesn't finish you? That seems very selfish.
61. Sheet cake did *nothing* to you, man
