1. Possibly, but not if it actually succedes
2. Same here but it seems like that will make it more rewarding to actually build a base with gardens and stuff.
3. It's real and it plays SO OFTEN I CAN'T STAND IT!!
4. Yes, oops 
5. I dunno. Backhanded compliments in girl world are like professional sports.
6. This happens to me a lot. I'll also sing the same phrase over and over.
7. In my experience its always [NAME]' Mine
8. I wouldnt go that far, but paranoid schizophrenia can definitely do that to someone. Even mild social anxiety can also cause it, though
9. I always give my disclaimer when he asks for my phone number. I understand and respect my situation could be a deal breaker for some.
10. Interesting. Such a different approach than the evangelist efforts I’ve experienced from “mainline” [RELIGION].
11. Ah yes, downvoted somebody for being different. Ever acceptant.
12. She looks just like that dude from Santa Clarita Diet
13. The complete series is on Hulu just finished watching it. Definitely recommend
14. Yeah... I get that. it's like the conversion has already been had before you entered the room and your opinion has been disregarded...
15. Knowing [NAME] he’d probably give [NAME] up for a 5th rounder smh
16. Trade up for Haskins. If that doesn't happen give me Greedy.
17. I listened to this song the other day for the first time and... oh boy yeah
18. Yes because there is an optimal level that does not occur naturally.
19. Pretty much yeah, it’s crazy that 2 years later that someone picked 56 picks later is better as a player
20. > Sure it might make the population 4:1 [RELIGION] but it's still an awefully large mibority The population already is 4:1 [RELIGION].
21. im done with my break im going to make more i promise
22. No, he's fine. It doesnt compact
23. True.. but it just seems weird that of all the ways [NAME] could have died in that throne room, he was killed by being cut in half. 
24. Taking deep, measured breaths usually helps me regain my composure 
25. I'm my parents' first and only child.
26. Right. The mantra at my school is that we don't give grades, kids earn them.
27. They had a similar panel last year. It's definitely worth a watch.
28. Honestly could be faster to just install ublock real quick.
29. [NAME] follows me on Instagram so it's ok.
30. Definitely not just on this sub. I keep seeing them on Instagram too.
31. This. It IS a minority here, but they are very vocal and very active, exactly what you would expect from a PR team
32. I'm sure that's a really important issue to you that consumes your daily life...
33. 100% correct. Seriously, listen to [NAME] talking points when she mentions Syria. Matches RT propaganda exactly.
34. I grew up in the south and we ate casseroles all the time. So I share your "what?!?!"
35. I actually do that
36. My house. Excluding that since it was bank money, we plan to pay cash for a kitchen renovation this year that will be about 7k
37. That looks like an expensive hobby.
38. That woman is on the fast track to being ostracized from that group real quick.
39. Now this exactly what I came to this sub for
40. Was going to say, that’s common practice for most women’s health appointments to help deal with relationship abuse.
41. Right. All a delusion in order to control people.
42. No, but it changes the expectations that people have for you. You have so deliberately change who you are to play to your target audience.
43. I feel this!
44. 100%. This is made up. If her claim was true, she'd have it on video. 
45. Adoption is an option. You don't have to force someone to exist but you can let them have a good life.
46. They are the modern day Nickelback.
47. Exactly. It’s all about control
48. Weird flex but ok
49. If we can get a 1st rounder it is without a doubt worth it.
50. That escalated quickly
51. Fair enough. I considered it malicious compliance because I followed the letter if the rules while purposely not following the spirit.
52. I'd say Rick and Morty fans. I'm a fan of both but I feel that Rick and Morty fans take everything way more seriously.
53. The only one I'd recomend is [NAME] to be honest
54. Deep down you know pain is temporary and you'll do it all over again the next weekend
55. The cognitive dissonance is strong with you.
56. Yep, she's completely isolated. Part of the abuse.
57. Okay. I mean 18% of the words in the comment you replied to were "Times", but okay
58. You're easily as classist as her.
59. Pretty sure the legislature needs to change laws
60. I carry on an empty. But I also carry a single action. So don't make my mistakes.
61. We didn't screw it up!
62. Then he is innocent. I'd rather have a president that we know for sure isnt undermining our democracy by conspiring with a foreign nation.
63. I would focus on being an enlisted Marine first. That’s what you’ll be doing for the next 4 years.
64. No problem. If you read it let me know what you think!
65. And it needs to keep pushing harder and harder to the left in order to wash away all the crap that's been enacted since [NAME] got into office.
66. And people still support him....
67. On the surface, yes. Deep down, probably not. 
68. As sure as gods got sandals, it sure beats fighting dudes with treasure trails
69. It's got what plants crave.
70. I've done this my whole life though...
71. I would have thought so yeah.
72. it’s not something you get over, but it’s something you get through 
73. Its very popular in the not comic book demographics.
74. Thats exactly what a J-word would say
75. It's pretty warm in Australia during this time of year.
76. Yeah, I mean it's not like anyone else has ever shut down the Government.
77. This is a bit of a political post but I just felt like venting.
78. Correct, you eat to survive, but you you eat animals for pleasure.
79. So it's we now eh jerk-off, as in troll farm to creat FUD and drive the premium up on the order book. I knew it.
80. I don't always do this, but when I do, I'm listening to the unedited version of "Killing In The Name Of".
81. Gotta boost that self esteem.
82. Yes. We're finishing the script out now. Shooting starts in February.
83. It's 3 Calling Cards I believe, and one sticker for getting Flawless. Other than that, no (unless you wanna count bragging rights).
84. > Egalitarianism I always saw it as a feminist could still be a racist...
85. Winter isn't even that bad here.
86. So you agree.
87. Dang... I’m learning all the secrets!
88. I came here once accidentally, saw your commend and now, 2 weeks later, I totally understand. 
89. So people will support him in this fake news quick reaction political environment
