1. You take that back right now! [NAME] does not deserve this.
2. I can't watch Isco rotting on the bench and LV playing instead.
3. I've had a few blisters from hot welds, but nothing that bad...
4. We really didn’t!
5. then never drive because the person in the other lane could swerve over and kill you
6. Parliament won't let a hard brexit go through, there are far too few MPs who would accept it.
7. You can't jelly a ding-a-ling up the buttocks
8. This will not happen bru
9. “I couldn’t, I wouldn’t” you said it ;)
10. Some Leftist ideologies frown upon SocDems as counterrevolutionary. Don’t agree with it, but that’s the thought process.
11. You're in the wrong subs
12. 1.283 on a comment but I don't really go after normal posts for karma
13. Don't do that.
14. That would involve reading, and redhats aren't so good at that.
15. Well, he promised [NAME] it was over and he was out for good, right. So, no.
16. No one is holding a gun to their heads telling them to moderate the sub, either. 
17. yeah this doesn’t represent our fan base well. gg guys!
18. Don’t indulge OP’s master hacker fantasy
19. The frequency with which I hear “gone overseas to defend our country” without a hint of irony should be criminal in itself
20. Approaching doesn't work unless you are [NAME] or something. I've only seen 2 approaches in my life and both were rejections.
21. Text ain’t a great medium for sarcasm.
22. Right its not because they look ugly but their personality is ugly. That’s what’s driving everyone away.
23. I’ve never seen such dramatic tongue involvement.
24. [NAME] wouldn't breathe the same air as an anti vaxxer, don't slander her like this.
25. [NAME] doesn't believe in tipping.
26. You have no regard for due process or the law if you're suggesting [NAME] be charged with evidence tampering because there is nothing to back up that claim.
27. No you don't. The average opinion of ISIS for example is way below zero.
28. the 12 steps of AA are not the only rehab programs in the world.
29. Dude your source on the school says they would investigate. Not a condemnation. Not in any stretch.
30. > [NAME] doesn't even agree with you. What does she not agree with?
31. > I don't understand why a reasonable person would perceive it as being objectively mean. Simply put, journalists are not reasonable people. 
32. That means nothing beyond the fact that I couldn’t be asked arguing with you. It was a no contest essentially.
33. bushwick, and playing a drum doesn't mean someone cannot work a job. 
34. I can't stand having my motives questioned.
35. Thimerosal isn't even in vaccines anymore, due to the controversy. 
36. Don't doubt yourself. They're wrong.
37. This guy doesn’t physics.
38. I don't have a smart phone; however, I wouldn't need one in this case.
39. The god of metal does not approve
40. Wrong. Im a [NAME].
41. And then if you don't go out and actually sin, you've done nothing wrong.
42. No, because asses that hot don't come in trenta
43. True. Icing all three of your villains for the duration of the film is a bad idea. They need to be making moves.
44. Because there's such a thing as "too good to be true" and some people are still skeptical of that.
45. Wrong, it's not 365 days a year. Once every four years, it's 366 days a year.
46. I don't believe humanity is capable of running *any* system for the greater good of all. Regardless of population..
47. It doesn't matter if they are crazy stacked. We definently shouldnt be last in the league.
48. You can't rightfully earn a billion dollars. Your employees can, and fifty thousand people in sweatshops can, but a single person cant
49. She voted against the $700 billion budget last year. Her national security views are kind of hazy overall though. I don't know much about them.
50. Whatever it is it’s not even worth hearing
51. Give an example of one with an entirely different meaning please. The context of what you mean by different is lacking.
52. Paying for the drinks doesn’t equate to drinking the drinks.
53. Nobody left Milky Way yet because of reapers. It’s not possible nobody got in for the same reason, or a similar more localized reason 
54. He has 3 years as first team manager, he signed the contract in November, but it doesn't matter
55. All women are useless - maybe if you made better choices it would be better for ya
56. Nah... i think he made around 90... i tried searching up his pocket, and fuck me...
57. I don't know, they'd have to reduce the accuracy of the NPCs a bit then cause I sure don't like 1-shotters using aimbot
58. I went skiing in another state and ran into a gaggle of students. Distance guarantees nothing.
59. I dont blame you I have a stuffed otter my gf and I got in Catalina I wont even let my niece play with it
60. No it doesn't. It's a lie. [NAME] is not far right. The US hasn't "installed" anyone
61. Nah the highest voted stories on nosleep these days are about sexual abuse or something along those lines
62. And those offences are not Criminal Code offences. Criminal Code offences require it be established "beyond a reasonable doubt" that an accused actually committed the offence.
63. It's not an conscious choice to be uncomfortable about something.
64. Never let facts get in the way of a good story.
65. YOU MUST CONSTRUCT ADDITIONAL PYLONS
66. There is zero conclusive evidence supporting this position.
67. No. You're not the only one.
68. [NAME] isn't exactly a lyrical genius set's be real: that dumbass just couldn't come up with a different rhyme.
69. You can't choose what genes you pass on.
70. In the voice of [NAME] from The Office "Incorrect. You didn't *Pin* anyone"
71. My hunch is, this is not the first or last wedding this bar has seen
72. No it isn't. Not much than your OP. You just have nothing outside of your feelings.
